Allows to create flaggables feature (#8)
rockbruno/RouterService: README.md

}
```

> ## Flaggable Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Providing fallbacks for Features
```

What do you think? I was thinking that Flaggable might not be the best choice because you can disable features for other reasons, like IOS availability.

> In cases you need to have a toggle control of your feature, it's also possible to handle it through the method  `isEnabled() -> Bool` method in **Feature** protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to control the availability of your feature, either because of a feature flag or because it has a minimum iOS version requirement, it's possible to handle it through a `Feature's` `isEnabled()` method.
```

Improvements to English grammar + mentioning reasons this can be used

> This method provides information for **RouterService** when the feature is enabled or not. We really recommend you have the toggle controls (Feature Flag Provider, Remote Config Provider, User Defaults, etc) as your feature `@Dependency` for you can use very easily into the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method provides information to `RouterService` about the availability of your feature. We really recommend you to have your toggle controls (Feature Flag Provider, Remote Config Provider, User Defaults, etc) as a `@Dependency` of your feature so you can easily use them to implement it and properly unit test it later.
```

English

> And `Feature's` `fallback(_:)` method it's mandatory when the feature is not enabled because RouterService must receive and present a valid context. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `Feature` can be disabled, you need to provide a fallback by implementing the `fallback(_:)` method to allow RouterService to receive and present a valid context. For example:
```

English

```swift
public struct FooFeature: Feature {

    @Dependency var httpClient: HTTPClientProtocol
    @Dependency var routerService: RouterServiceProtocol
    @Dependency var featureFlag: FeatureFlagProtocol

    public init() {}
    
    public func isEnabled() -> Bool {
        return featureFlag.isEnabled()
    }
    
    public func fallback(forRoute route: Route?) -> Feature.Type? {
        return MyFallbackFeature.self
    }

    public func build(fromRoute route: Route?) -> UIViewController {
        return MainViewController(
            httpClient: httpClient,
            routerService: routerService
        )
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If a disabled feature attempts to be presented without a fallback, your app will crash. By default, all features are enabled and have no fallbacks.

```

Adding info on what happens if you don't implement it
